Hi guys and welcome back.
We're carrying on from the previous lap.
We have our free instances running and they're split across two Availability Zones.
And what we're going to do is look at the behavior of cross own load balancing with a network load balancer.
So I'm going to create a network load balancer just going to call this my MLB.
It's gonna be Internet facing we can our TCB we have poor Haiti for the front end and then I'm just
going to choose the two Availability Zones which my instances of running in click next.
Let's go to routing and I'm going to create a new target group called T1 going to leave the settings
as default except for the healthy fresh shoulder I'm going to put it to and then we're going to register
all three of our targets and we'll click on Create.
And that's our low balance of provisioning.
Now note the attributes cross own load balancing is disabled so it's different to the classic load balancer
and the application load balancer as it's not enabled when you create it through the console.
It is with the classic load balancer and it's always enabled with the application load balancer.
So we'll leave that as it is and we'll check out the behavior of the NLRB with cross own load balancing
disabled first once it's ready.
It's been a few minutes and my network load balancer is now available so I'm going to copy the DNS name
I'm going to put this into browser tab and I get Selena and I refresh.
I still get Selena so I kind of stick to Selena here.
Now let's try opening a new private window and I still get Selena.
Now what you'll find is when you're doing testing like this with your frowns that's probably an imperfect
way of doing it but also if you're just sending requests one after the other very quickly but eventually
it will fail over to another instance.
But what's happening at the moment is all traffic seems to just be going to this one instance.
So this is with cross own load balancing disabled.
Now I tried opening another private window.
Now I go over in our availability zone and if I hit refresh I just stay with us.
So again the behavior when you're doing testing like this doesn't seem to correlate with what's expected
in the documentation but let's have a look what happens when we enable cross own load balancing.
So we just go in here and we can enable cross own load balancing and let's go back into a new tab and
see how it behaves.
So I'll get Selena and then Amber and then I'd stick on Amber.
So again it's kind of strange behavior guys you can keep playing around for a while with this and it
doesn't seem to respond the way you expect it to according to the documentation that seems to be the
way with the MLB and the CLP.
So let's close this down and I'm going to delete my network load balancer and in the next lap we'll
look at the application load balancer.